
Terms of Use Agreement 
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.

    This Terms of Use Agreement (the "Agreement") describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of the hooni.org web site which is identified by the uniform resource locator www.hooni.org (the"Site"). This Agreement is entered into between you as the user of the Site (the" User") and the owner of the Site ("hooni.org").
    1. Application and Acceptance of Terms and Conditions.

    1.1 For purposes of this Agreement, a "User" is any person who accesses the Site for whatever purpose, regardless of whether said User has registered on the Site as a registered User or whether said User is a paying customer for a specific service provided by hooni.org or any of its affiliates. A User includes the person using this Site and any legal entity which may be represented by such person under actual or apparent authority.

    1.2 By accessing or using the Site, you hereby agree to accept the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement as a User. You shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement with respect to your access or use of this Site and any further upgrade, modification, addition or change to this Site. If you do not accept all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please do not use this Site.

    1.3 Hooni.org may amend this Agreement at any time by posting the amended and restated Agreement on the Site. The amended and restated Agreement shall be effective immediately upon posting. Posting by hooni.org of the amended and restated Agreement and your continued use of the Site shall be deemed to be acceptance of the amended terms. This Agreement may not otherwise be modified, except in writing by an authorized officer of hooni.org.

    1.4 When you visit hooni.org or send customer requests to hooni.org, you are communicating with hooni.org electronically. You consent to receive communications from hooni.org electronically. hooni.org will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site.
    2. Users Generally.

    2.1 Users may use this Site solely for their own personal or internal purposes. Each User agrees that it shall not copy, reproduce or download any information, text, images, video clips, directories, files, databases or listings available on or through the Site (the "hooni.org Content") for the purpose of re-selling or re-distributing the hooni.org Content, mass mailing (via emails, wireless text messages, physical mail or otherwise), operating a business that competes with hooni.org, or otherwise commercially exploiting the hooni.org Content. Systematic retrieval of hooni.org Content from this Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether through robots, spiders, automatic devices or manual processes) without written permission from hooni.org is prohibited. In addition, use of the content or materials for any purpose not expressly permitted in this Agreement is prohibited.

    2.2 Some of the hooni.org Content displayed on this Site is provided or posted by third parties ("Third Party Content"). hooni.org is not the author of Third-Party Content, whether contributed by anonymous users or registered users. Any Third Party Content is the sole responsibility of the party who provided the content. hooni.org is not responsible for the accuracy, propriety, lawfulness or truthfulness of any Third Party Content, and shall not be liable to any User in connection with such User's reliance of such Third Party Content. In addition, hooni.org is not responsible for the conduct of any User's activities on the Site, and shall not be liable to any person in connection with any damage suffered by any person as a result of such User's conduct.

    2.3 Hooni.org may allow Users access to content, products or services offered by third parties through hyperlinks (in the form of word link, banners, channels or otherwise) to such Third Party's web site. You are cautioned to read such sites' terms and conditions and/or privacy policies before using such sites in order to be aware of the terms and conditions of your use of such sites. User acknowledges that hooni.org has no control over such third party's web site, does not monitor such sites, and hooni.org shall not be responsible or liable to anyone for such web site, or any content, products or services made available on such a website.

    2.4 Hooni.org reserves the right to limit, deny or create different access to the Site and its features with respect to different Users, or to change any of the features or introduce new features without prior notice. Each User acknowledges that inability to use the Site wholly or partially for whatever reason may have adverse effects on its business. Each User hereby agrees that in no event shall hooni.org be liable to the User or any third parties for any inability to use the Site (whether due to disruption, limited access, changes to or termination of any features on the Site or otherwise), any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions with respect to any communications or transmission, or any damage (direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise) arising from the use of or inability to use the Site or any of its features.

    2.5 No User shall undertake any scheme to undermine the integrity of the computer systems or networks used by hooni.org and/or any other User and no User shall attempt to gain unauthorized access to such computer systems or networks.

    2.6 We urge that you read hooni.org's Privacy Policy which governs the protection and use of each User's information in the possession of hooni.org and/or its affiliates. Each User hereby accepts the Privacy Policy and any updates and amendments thereto. Each User acknowledges that hooni.org may change the Privacy Policy from time to time provided that hooni.org shall make available the updated version of the Privacy Policy on the Site at all times. Your continuation of use of the Site shall be deemed to be your acceptance of the Privacy Policy which is then displayed on the Site at the time of such use.

    2.7 As a condition of your access to and use of hooni.org, you agree that you will not use the hooni.org e.com service to infringe the intellectual property rights or other legitimate rights of others in any way. hooni.org and/or its affiliates will in appropriate circumstances terminate the accounts of Users who are repeat infringers of the copyrights, or other intellectual property rights, or other legitimate rights of others. In addition, hooni.org and/or its affiliates reserves the right to terminate the account of a user upon any single infringement of the rights of others in conjunction with use of the hooni.org service, or if hooni.org believes that User's conduct is harmful to the interests of hooni.org, its affiliates, or other users, or for any other reason in hooni.org's sole discretion, with or without cause. 

    3. Registered Users

    3.1 Each User who has completed and submitted a registration form either online on the Site or offline by giving its information (such as name, address, telephone and fax number, email address, details of its business, etc.) to hooni.org will be established for each Registered User and each Registered User will be assigned a user alias ("User ID") and password ("Password") for log-in access to its own Account.

    3.2 If the Registered User is a business entity, you represent that (a) you have the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement; (b) the address you use when registering is the principal place of business of such business entity; and (c) all other information submitted to hooni.org and its affiliates during the registration process is true, accurate, current and complete. For purposes of this provision, a branch or representative office will not be considered a separate entity and its principal place of business will be deemed to be that of its head office.

    3.3 By becoming a Registered User, you consent to the inclusion of your personal data in our Buyer Database. hooni.org may send emails to you or contact you otherwise through your personal data whatever information hooni.org would like to convey to you.

    3.4 Hooni.org or its affiliates may suspend or terminate a Registered User's Account at any time by giving no less than 24-hour notice to the Registered User; provided, however, that notice is not required for such termination if (a) in hooni.org 's determination, there is any breach of the provisions of this Agreement by the Registered User; or (b) hooni.org has reasonable grounds to suspect that any information provided by a Registered User is untrue, inaccurate or is not current or complete, or (c) hooni.org believes that the Registered User's actions may cause financial loss or legal liability to such Registered User.

    3.5 A Registered User may not sell, attempt to sell, offer to sell, give, assign or otherwise transfer an Account, User ID or Password to a third party without the prior written consent of hooni.org. Hooni.org may suspend or terminate the Account of a Registered User or the transferee of a Registered User in the event of a sale, offer to sell, gift, assignment or transfer in violation of this Section.

    3.6 Notwithstanding Section 3.1 above, hooni.org may refuse registration and deny the issuance of an Account and associated User ID and Password to any User for whatever reason.
    
4. Relationship among Buyers, hooni.org and Suppliers

    4.1 hooni.org is an online agent for all Buyers, collecting purchase orders from the Buyers, to reinforce its price negotiation advantage against the Suppliers. It acts on behalf of the Buyers to purchase the products designated by the Buyers. Through the Site, hooni.org provides an electronic web-based platform for displaying the products information and other common terms and conditions of the transactions provided by the Suppliers. Any Sellers who are interested in listing their products on Site are encouraged to contact our promotion agent according to the following contact:sales@hooni.org

    4.2 Despite the provision of the platform through the Site, hooni.org does not represent the Supplier in specific transactions via the Site. No sales agency relationship is created between any Supplier and hooni.org, our affiliates, directors, officers or employees by virtue of hooni.org's display of any of products supplied by the sellers. The sales contract is entered in to between the Buyer and the Supplier.

    4.3 Users are hereby made aware that there may be risks of dealing with people acting under false pretences. hooni.org has very strict systems in selecting reliable suppliers. hooni.org cannot control and is not liable to or responsible for the availability of the products or services offered for sale displayed on the Site. Therefore hooni.org will not and cannot warrant to the Buyers that the purchase orders placed through the Site will be eventually fulfilled and there are situations that the Suppliers may have ceased to provide such products or provide such products at a different price in which situations the payment paid by the Buyer to our Paypal Account will be returned to the Buyers or will be adjusted in such manner acceptable to the Buyers.

    4.4 The risks of purchase transactions when using the Site to conduct transactions shall include mis-representation of products and services, fraudulent schemes, unsatisfactory quality, failure to meet specifications, defective or dangerous products, delay or default in delivery, cost mis-calculations and transportation accidents. All of the foregoing risks are hereafter referred to as "Transaction Risks." In such case hooni.org shall be liable or responsible for any damages, liabilities, costs, harms, inconveniences, business disruptions or expenditures of any kind that may arise a result of or in connection with any Transaction Risks provided always that such User shall entrust hooni.org the full power of attorney to seek indemnification from the relevant Suppliers instead .

    4.5 Users are solely responsible for all of the terms and conditions of the transactions conducted on, through or as a result of use of the Site, including, without limitation, returns, warranties, shipping, insurance, fees, taxes, title, licenses, fines, permits, handling, transportation and storage. In case the terms and conditions of the Transactions have been changed and such change is notified to hooni.org by some specific Suppliers, hooni.org will post such amended terms of conditions on the Site. The mere obligation of hooni.org is to display such terms and conditions of the transactions subject to amendment by the Suppliers from time to time. There may be situations that the Buyers have placed orders while the terms and conditions of the transactions are changed. hooni.org will, as instructed by the seller, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.

    4.6 Except where noted otherwise, the List Price displayed for products on the Site represents the price suggested by the supplier. The List Price is a comparative price estimate and may or may not represent the prevailing price in every area on any particular day. With respect to items sold on the Site, hooni.org cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in the catalog may be mispriced. If an item's correct price is higher than the stated price, hooni.org will, as instructed by the seller, cancel your order, notify you of such cancellation and make necessary compensation to you after friendly consultation with you.

    4.7 In the event that any User has a dispute with any party to a transaction, such User agrees to release and indemnify hooni.org (and our agents, affiliates, directors, officers and employees) from all claims, demands, actions, proceedings, costs, expenses and damages (including without limitation any actual, special, incidental or consequential damages) arising out of or in connection with such transaction.
    5. About the Purchase

    5.1 Please note that the price quoted for each item on the Site should be regarded as an invitation for offer and should not be regarded as an offer. Your order is an offer for purchase, which will be accepted when hooni.org confirms your order. There may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. hooni.org reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Some situations that may result in your order being cancelled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We may contact you if all or any portion of your order is cancelled or if additional information is required to accept your order.

    5.2 While hooni.org strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, pricing or typographical errors may occur. hooni.org cannot confirm the price of an item until after you order. In the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, hooni.org shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. In the event that an item is priced incorrectly, hooni.org may, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.

    5.3 Pricing of products sold by hooni.org is based upon figures calculated in U.S. Dollars (US$). Prices displayed in other currencies are converted from U.S. Dollars according to the most up to date conversion rates. Due to fluctuating currency values, prices displayed in non-U.S. denominations of currency on the Site, other than on the individual product page, may not be the most current. Areas of the Site where non-U.S. denominations of currency might be inaccurate include, but are not limited to, promotional banners, promotional pages, and information on product category pages. The price displayed on an individual product page, regardless of currency denomination, is the current price you are liable to pay to hooni.org, excluding shipping.
    6. Customer Reviews and Comments

    6.1 Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or on the Site, anything that you submit or post to the Site and/or provide hooni.org, including, without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions (collectively, "Submissions") is and will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary, and by submitting or posting, you agree to irrevocably license the entry and all IP rights related thereto (excluding the moral rights such as authorship right) to hooni.org without charge and hooni.org shall have the royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, and transferable right to use, copy, distribute, display, publish, perform, sell, lease, transmit, adapt, create derivative works from such Submissions by any means and in any form, and to translate, modify, reverse-engineer, disassemble, or decompile such Submissions. All Submissions shall automatically become the sole and exclusive property of hooni.org and shall not be returned to you and you agree not to raise any dispute in connection with any use of the entry by hooni.org in the future.

    6.2 You warrant that your Submissions, in whole or in part, are clear and free of any IP right infringement, disputes or third party claims. hooni.org assumes no liability for any misuse of copyright or any other rights of third parties by you. You undertake to defense for and indemnify the Sponsor against any losses caused due to the use of the entries for any purposes.

    6.3 In addition to the rights applicable to any Submission, when you post comments or reviews to the Site, you also grant hooni.org the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other Content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments, and other Content that you post on this Site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other Content by hooni.org will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party. You shall not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead hooni.org or third parties as to the origin of any Submissions or Content. hooni.org may, but shall not be obligated to remove or edit any Submissions (including comments or reviews) for any reason.
    7. Limitation of Liability

    7.1 To the maximum extent permitted by law, the features and services on the site are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and hooni.org hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to any warranties of condition, quality, durability, performance, accuracy, reliability, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. All such warranties, representations, conditions, undertakings and terms are hereby excluded.

    7.2 To the maximum entent permitted by law, hooni.org makes no representations or warranties about the validity, accuracy, correctness, reliability, quality, stability, completeness or currentness of any information provided on or through the site, hooni.org does not represent or warranty that the manufacture, importation, export, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the site does not violate any third party rights; and hooni.org makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning any product or service offered or displayed on the site.

    7.3 Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Site is done at each User's sole discretion and risk and each User is solely responsible for any damage to its computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by any User from hooni.org or through or from the Site shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein.

    7.4 Under no circumstances shall hooni.org be held liable for an delay or failure or disruption of the content or services delivered through the Site resulting directly or indirectly from acts of nature, forces or causes beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation, Internet failures, computer, telecommunications or any other equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, flood, storms, explosions, acts of God, war, governmental actions, orders of domestic or foreign courts or tribunals or non-performance of third parties.

    7.5 Each User hereby agrees to indemnify and save hooni.org, its affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from such User's use of the Site (including but not limited to the display of such User's information on the Site) or from its breach of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save hooni.org, its affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise from User's breach of any representations and warranties made by User to hooni.org. Each User hereby further agrees to indemnify and save hooni.org, its affiliates, directors, officers and employees harmless, from any and all losses, claims, liabilities (including legal costs on a full indemnity basis) which may arise, directly or indirectly, as a result of any claims asserted by Third Party Rights claimants or other third parties relating to products offered or displayed on the Site. Each User hereby further agrees that hooni.org is not responsible and shall have no liability to it, for any material posted by others, including defamatory, offensive or illicit material and that the risk of damages from such material rests entirely with each User. hooni.org reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you shall cooperate with hooni.org in asserting any available defenses.

    7.6 Hooni.org shall not be liable for any special, direct, indirect, punitive, incidental or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever (including but not limited to damages for loss of profits or savings, business interruption, loss of information), whether in contract, negligence, tort or otherwise or any other damages resulting from any of the following:

        * the use or the inability to use the Site;
        * any defect in goods, samples, data, information or services purchased or obtained from a User or a third-party service provider through the Site;
        * violation of Third Party Rights or claims or demands that Users' manufacture, importation, export, distribution, offer, display, purchase, sale and/or use of products or services offered or displayed on the Site may violate or may be asserted to violate Third Party Rights; or claims by any party that they are entitled to defense or indemnification in relation to assertions of rights, demands or claims by Third Party Rights claimants;
        * unauthorized access by third parties to data or private information of any User;
        * statements or conduct of any User of the Site;
        * any matters relating to Premium Services however arising, including negligence.

    7.7 Notwithstanding any of the foregoing provisions, the aggregate liability of hooni.org, its employees, agents, affiliates, representatives or anyone acting on its behalf with respect to each Use for all claims arising from the use of the Site or the hooni.org service shall be limited to the greater of (a) the amount of fees the User pays to hooni.org or its affiliates in the 12 months period prior to the action giving rise to liability and (b) HK$100. The preceding sentence shall not preclude the requirement by the User to prove actual damages. All claims arising from the use of the Site or the hooni.org service must be filed within one (1) year from the date the cause of action arose.
    8. Intellectual Property Rights

    8.1 hooni.org is the sole owner or lawful licensee of all the rights to the Site and the hooni.org Content. The Site and hooni.org Content embody trade secrets and intellectual property rights protected under worldwide copyright and other laws. All title, ownership and intellectual property rights in the Site and hooni.org Content shall remain with hooni.org, its affiliates or licensors of the hooni.org Content, as the case may be. All rights not otherwise claimed under this Agreement or by hooni.org are hereby reserved.

    8.2 " hooni.org ", " hooni.org" and related icons and logos are registered trademarks or trademarks or service marks of hooni.org, in various jurisdictions and are protected under applicable copyright, trademark and other proprietary rights laws. The unauthorized copying, modification, use or publication of these marks is strictly prohibited.

    8.3 All text, graphics, photographs or other images, button icons, audio clips, logos, slogans, trade names or word software and other contents on the website of hooni.org (collectively, "Content"), belongs exclusively to hooni.org or its appropriate content suppliers. You may not use, reproduce, copy, modify, transmit, display, publish, sell, license, publicly perform, distribute or commercially exploit any of the Content or otherwise dispose of any of the Content in a way not permitted by hooni.org, without hooni.org's express prior written consent. The use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools on hooni.org as well as the use of hooni.org trademarks or service marks in meta-tags is strictly prohibited. You may view and use the Content only for your personal information and for shopping and ordering on the Site and for no other purpose. The collection, arrangement, and assembly of all content on this Site (the "Compilation") belong exclusively to hooni.org. You may not use hooni.org's Content or Compilation in any manner that disparages or discredits hooni.org or in any way that is likely to cause confusion or violation of any applicable laws or regulations. All software used on this Site (the "Software") is the property of hooni.org and/or its Software suppliers. The Content, the Compilation and the Software are all protected under state, national and international copyright laws. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by hooni.org. Violators will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
    
9. Return Policy

    Please review these policies carefully as they are the terms of sale that govern your purchases at hooni.org (hereinafter known as hooni.org). They set out your rights and obligations with respect to your purchases, including important limitations and exclusions. Your placement of an order at hooni.org constitutes your agreement that these policies apply to the order, so be certain you understand them before you place your order.

 You may return merchandise purchased from hooni.org for a refund or a replacement, provided that the procedures and requirements referred to in our return policy are followed. All product returns require a return authorization number (RA). A RA number must be issued within 30 calendar days after the date of purchase; it will be valid for 14 calendar days after it is issued. You may contact us through the contact page.
	All returned merchandise must be in original condition, and must include the original factory box (UPC bar codes and serial numbers must be intact) and factory packaging (e.g. foam, plastic, wrappings, etc.), peripherals (e.g. battery, charger, cords, straps, etc.), included warranty cards (without markings), and all instruction booklets and paperwork. The RA number or any other inscriptions must not be written or printed on the product box or packaging. We will not process the return if any of these conditions are not followed.

	Removal or alteration of a product's upc number, or serial number sticker will automatically void your hooni.org Return Policy. Products that are returned to hooni.org with a missing, damaged or altered serial number will be refused RMA service and returned to you. 

 	Returned merchandise that is lost or damaged during transit is solely the shipper's responsibility. It is important save the tracking information and to properly insure all merchandise being returned to hooni.org

Refunds
   	Refunds are applied to the payment method used at the time of purchase 5-10 days after receipt of the returned merchandise. We will only refund the value of the merchandise returned, not the shipping charge.

Exchanges
   	If you purchased a product from hooni.org that you wish to exchange for an alternative, you can return the item for a refund and simply place a new order for the item you desire. We do not apply a refund credit to your new purchase.

Defective Item
   	An item that was discovered to be defective upon receipt can be replaced with the same model only. You may also return a defective item for a refund.

Damaged Items
   	All Packages are inspected for damage before they ship from our warehouse. If your package has been damaged in transit, please contact us immediately. We must be informed of all shipping related claims within 1 busines day after the date of receipt. We do not issue refunds for returns of damaged merchandise. An item that was discovered damaged upon receipt will be replaced with the same model only.

Return Shipping
   	Return shipping cost that cost you to send an item back to our store is almost like or comparable to your cost of driving to any store for returning an item, which is not reimbursable. Therefore, we do not reimburse any return shipping cost.

    9.1 Return DOA (Dead on Arrival) Item

    Any products , regardless of the guarantee offered, dead on arrival (incorrect usage excluded) within 5 days after delivery or 30 days after shipment if the delivery date is not traceable (The order shipment date and order notification are provided to you by email). [*]

    In this case, please kindly provide us with proofs as below:

        * The photos of original hooni.org package with front and back sides
        * The photos or video of the defective item(s)
        * The photos, video or screenshot showing the mal-function of the defective item(s)

    

    9.2 Return Defective Item

    We will try our best to make sure the products shipped to our customers are in the best condition. If your product (only for items without Special Warranty terms in the product description and physical damage or incorrect use excluded) turns out to be defective.

    Within 30 days (from the date of shipment) [**]

    Policy: Upon being returned, the defective item will be refunded or replaced for free. 

    Detail: The products get damaged (physical damages and damages caused by incorrect usage excluded) within 30 days after shipments (The order shipment date and order notification are provided to you by email). Customer may mail the products back to us. Full refund or replacement cost reimbursement will be issued to you upon receipt of shipping proof (available tracking number or a screen shot of shipping receipt).

    

    9.3 Return Incorrect Item Received

    If the item you received is completely different from the one you ordered, please contact us via our contact us form and provide us the picture proof of the error.

    If return is necessary, replacement plus shipping cost reimbursement will be issued to you on receipt of return proof. Please be sure that the incorrect item you returned is in the original package and the merchandise is in the same condition.

    For the incorrect item, if you are able to find a use of it and prefer to keep it, you may suggest us and we will offer you a certain discount for buying it.

    After receiving the incorrect product, please kindly provide us with proofs as below:
    * The photos or video of the incorrect item(s)
    * The photos, video or screen shot showing the mal-function of the defective item(s)

    
    9.5 Product-Specific Return Policies

    Although we have a very flexible return policy on most of the items we sell, there are some exceptions. Some items (such as cell phones, Laptop or some large electronics) may have special returns policies.

    All such kind of products is provided with a specific period manufacturer's warranty, this warranty is offered directly by the manufacturer. Should the item become defective within the manufacturer's warranty period (physical damages and damages caused by incorrect usage excluded), customers may send the unit back to our returning center. Hooni.org will help forwarding the item to the manufacturer for repair or replacement, and will look after the progress. The customer will need to cover shipping fees both ways.

    This specific return policy applies to some certain items. Please refer to the item(s)/product(s) description section for further detail before making any orders for these products.
    9.6 Important Notes

    1. All customers should contact us by (http://www.hooni.org/contactus) before returning any item(s), hooni.org will not be responsible for returned item(s) without notifying us in advance. When contacting hooni.org please include the following information

        * Photos of the front and back of the packaging envelope or box
        * Partial shipment slips (if applicable)
        * Photo, video, screenshot, or description of the defective item
        * Photo, video, screenshot, or description of the defect or defective area

    2. Please keep all packaging material and partial shipment note(s) as they're needed to for returns. After mailing back the products, please be sure to provide us the tracking number of the returned package, if there is no tracking number available, a picture of shipping receipt is necessary. If neither of them can be provided, we might have to process for you until the package arrive at our warehouse which may take one or two months, please kindly noticed.

    3. Refunds can be taken as cash through PayPal. Full PayPal cash refunds can only be issued within 30 days of order placement. Customers are responsible for all PayPal fees (if any) issued after 30 days of order placement.

    4. If possible, please make sure you have checked the package contents before you sign for it. In case of damage or empty, please refuse to accept it and contact us. Once you sign for the item, you are signing acceptance of the integrity of all products as is and CANNOT refute the charges for the empty package.

    5. Please use the cheapest way to ship the item(s) back.

    6. Please remember to include a note in your package indicating the following details:

        * o your order number;
        * o SKU numbers returned and quantity;
        * o a short description

    of the problem(s) of the defective item(s). This note will help expediting the processing time for you. Thank you.

    7. If the warrant period/return policy in a specific product detail page is different from the policy above, please follow the product detail page one. Please note that some of our items are non-replaceable or non-refundable.

    8. Hooni.org reserves the right to make changes and/or improvements to this policy. Any changes will be updated on the forum/Policy Page/HELP section to keep the customers informed.

    9. If there are any further inquiries, please contact us for more information.

    
    10. General

    10.1 This Agreement and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between the User and hooni.org with respect to and governs the use of the Site, superseding any prior written or oral agreements in relation to the same subject matter herein.

    10.2 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced.

    10.3 Headings are for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section.

    10.4 Hooni.org's failure to enforce any right or failure to act with respect to any breach by a User under this Agreement will not waive that right nor waives hooni.org's right to act with respect with subsequent or similar breaches.

    10.5 Hooni.org shall have the right to assign this Agreement (including all of its rights, titles, benefits, interests, and obligations and duties in this Agreement). The User may not assign, in whole or part, this Agreement to any person or entity.


   